README.md, before:

# Order API Project - Coding Challenge

## Project Brief
- REST API built using the language of your choice, though ideally PHP (again, with the framework of your choice)
- API Functionality:
    - Create an order with the following fields;
      - Id
      - Customer 
        - First name
        - Last name
        - Email address
      - Delivery Postcode
      - Order Description 
      - Price
    - Update this order
    - Read this order - returning the response in JSON

## Set Up Instructions (running locally)


## API Documentation

### Base URL
`https://ordersapi.test/api/`

### Orders

### `POST /orders`

Will create a new order in the database

#### Request

```json
{	
    "customer": {
        "first_name": "<first name>", // REQ - String
        "last_name" : "<last name>", // REQ - String
        "email": "<email>", // REQ - String
    },
    "delivery_postcode": "<postcode>", // REQ - String
    "order_description": "<order description>",// REQ - String
    "price": "<price>" // REQ - Float
}
```

### `GET /orders/<id>`

Will return an order with the given `id`.
 
```json
{	
    "id": 1,
    "customer": {
        "first_name": "Bilbo", 
        "last_name" : "Baggins", 
        "email": "bilbo@theshire.net", 
    },
    "delivery_postcode": "BS1 9DP", 
    "order_description": "2 barrels of wine",
    "price": "1.99"
}
```

### `PUT /orders/<id>`

Will update an existing order. 

#### Request

Use the same request format as `POST /order`.

## DB Structure

### Customers
#### Columns
- id - int - autogenerated
- first_name - str
- last_name - str
- email - str
- timestamps - time

### Orders
#### Columns
- id - int - autogenerated
- customer_id - int- foriegn key customers.id
- delivery_postcode - str
- order_description - str
- price - float


### Next steps
- Update store controller to use elloqent to associate order/customer rather than using the ID
- Create Response class to format the reponse correctly, tests for this as well
- PUT route
- GET route

<p align="center"><img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dtfbvvkyp/image/upload/v1566331377/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/d/total.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

## Learning Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains over 1500 video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## Laravel Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the Laravel [Patreon page](https://patreon.com/taylorotwell).

### Premium Partners

- **[Vehikl](https://vehikl.com/)**
- **[Tighten Co.](https://tighten.co)**
- **[Kirschbaum Development Group](https://kirschbaumdevelopment.com)**
- **[64 Robots](https://64robots.com)**
- **[Cubet Techno Labs](https://cubettech.com)**
- **[Cyber-Duck](https://cyber-duck.co.uk)**
- **[Many](https://www.many.co.uk)**
- **[Webdock, Fast VPS Hosting](https://www.webdock.io/en)**
- **[DevSquad](https://devsquad.com)**
- **[OP.GG](https://op.gg)**

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell via [taylor@laravel.com](mailto:taylor@laravel.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

don't create duplicate customers with new orders

README.md, after:

# Order API Project - Coding Challenge

## Project Brief
- REST API built using the language of your choice, though ideally PHP (again, with the framework of your choice)
- API Functionality:
    - Create an order with the following fields;
      - Id
      - Customer 
        - First name
        - Last name
        - Email address
      - Delivery Postcode
      - Order Description 
      - Price
    - Update this order
    - Read this order - returning the response in JSON

## Set Up Instructions (running locally)


## API Documentation

### Base URL
`https://ordersapi.test/api/`

### Orders

### `POST /orders`

Will create a new order in the database

#### Request

```json
{	
    "customer": {
        "first_name": "<first name>", // REQ - String
        "last_name" : "<last name>", // REQ - String
        "email": "<email>", // REQ - String
    },
    "delivery_postcode": "<postcode>", // REQ - String
    "order_description": "<order description>",// REQ - String
    "price": "<price>" // REQ - Float
}
```

### `GET /orders/<id>`

Will return an order with the given `id`.
 
```json
{	
    "id": 1,
    "customer": {
        "first_name": "Bilbo", 
        "last_name" : "Baggins", 
        "email": "bilbo@theshire.net", 
    },
    "delivery_postcode": "BS1 9DP", 
    "order_description": "2 barrels of wine",
    "price": "1.99"
}
```

### `PUT /orders/<id>`

Will update an existing order. 

#### Request

Use the same request format as `POST /order`.

## DB Structure

### Customers
#### Columns
- id - int - autogenerated
- first_name - str
- last_name - str
- email - str
- timestamps - time

### Orders
#### Columns
- id - int - autogenerated
- customer_id - int- foriegn key customers.id
- delivery_postcode - str
- order_description - str
- price - float


### Next steps
- [x] Update store controller to use elloqent to associate order/customer rather than using the ID
- [x] Create Response class to format the reponse correctly, tests for this as well
- [ ] Check for existing customer and don't create duplicate if one already exists
- PUT route
- GET route

<p align="center"><img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dtfbvvkyp/image/upload/v1566331377/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/d/total.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

## Learning Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains over 1500 video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## Laravel Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the Laravel [Patreon page](https://patreon.com/taylorotwell).

### Premium Partners

- **[Vehikl](https://vehikl.com/)**
- **[Tighten Co.](https://tighten.co)**
- **[Kirschbaum Development Group](https://kirschbaumdevelopment.com)**
- **[64 Robots](https://64robots.com)**
- **[Cubet Techno Labs](https://cubettech.com)**
- **[Cyber-Duck](https://cyber-duck.co.uk)**
- **[Many](https://www.many.co.uk)**
- **[Webdock, Fast VPS Hosting](https://www.webdock.io/en)**
- **[DevSquad](https://devsquad.com)**
- **[OP.GG](https://op.gg)**

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell via [taylor@laravel.com](mailto:taylor@laravel.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
